Add documentation about yielding declared scan profiles in normalizers (#2501)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/developer_documentation/boefjes.md

end
```

#### Sending a SIGKILL to a worker process
A representation of the failure mode when a SIGKILL has been sent to the worker (also see `boefjes/app.py`):

```{mermaid}
sequenceDiagram
  participant SchedulerRuntimeManager
  participant SharedDict
  participant Queue
  participant Worker[pid=1]
  participant Scheduler
  participant Worker[pid=2]
  Worker[pid=1]->>SharedDict: set: SharedDict[1] = p_item.id
  Worker[pid=1]->>Worker[pid=1]: receives SIGKILL
  SchedulerRuntimeManager->>Worker[pid=1]: if not is_alive()
  SchedulerRuntimeManager->>SharedDict: set p_item_id = SharedDict[1]
  SchedulerRuntimeManager->>Scheduler: set p_item_id status to FAILED
  SchedulerRuntimeManager->>Worker[pid=1]: close()
  SchedulerRuntimeManager->>Worker[pid=2]: start()
```

> Here, the SharedDict is an object that keeps track of a mapping of the pid's of workers to the task they are handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the `SharedDict` serves as an object designed to maintain a mapping of workers' process IDs (PIDs) to the specific tasks they are currently handling.
```

Each module may also have its own `requirements.txt` file that lists dependencies not included in the base requirements.
Furthermore, you can add static data such as a cover and a description (markdown) to show up in Rocky's KATalogus.

#### Example

```shell
$ tree boefjes/plugins/kat_dns
├── boefje.json
├── cover.jpg
├── description.md
├── __init__.py
├── main.py
├── normalize.py
├── normalizer.json
└── schema.json
```

### Tests

To run the unit test suite, run:

```shell
$ python -m pytest
```

For the KATalogus integration tests, run:
```shell
$ make itest
```

To lint the code using pre-commit, run:
```shell

> $ pre-commit run --all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pre-commit run --all-files
```
